Build docs with xmosdoc (#433)
xmos/lib_xua: doc/rst/sw_xud.rst

XMOS USB Device (XUD) Library
=============================

> All low level communication with the USB host is handled by the XMOS USB Device (XUD) library - `lib_xud <https://github.com/xmos/lib_xud>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All low level communication with the USB host is handled by the XMOS USB Device (XUD) library - `lib_xud <https://www.xmos/file/lib_xud>`_
```

The ``XUD_Main()`` function runs in its own core and communicates with endpoint cores though a
mixture of shared memory and channel communications.

> For more details and full XUD API documentation please refer to `lib_xud <https://github.com/xmos/lib_xud/releases>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details and full XUD API documentation please refer to `lib_xud <https://www.xmos.com/file/lib_xud>`_.
```
